this is the first year of the melee
years Orchestra clean up at some
strength program we have 40 students
learning stringed instruments 22
violence eight-year-olds sex shows and
four double basses at the beginning of
the year we came into the school and did
a talk about the instruments the
students will learn we had a really good
at tank and a few weeks later we were
teaching the strength shutter my name is
sue Thompson and I'm the principal here
at cleaned up Alex cool we have a very
large multicultural of them around 550
students we have seven my bilingual nuts
very successful and and high achieving
we have 5 solo and violently
same just very very excited to have an
opportunity to have an orchestra from by
Joseph operating in our school and given
that our students are so very musical
and intuitively musical this program is
going really well and it's a wonderful
wonderful opportunity that most schools
such as ours would never be able to the
front way and with tiny oh it's only
three weeks until the concert and I'm
trying my hardest to learn and I hope
that when there comes go ahead and add
next one with that we're gonna learn was
as London British clean up and that
looks sort of had but our next week my
role here at the school firstly a spirit
and secondly I'm one of the real even
teachers here so I get to go around the
whole school most of the kids know me
it's just yes also awesome here
and the other children a funny it was a
young Lisa strengthened I think if they
did join the most of the most part
some of them still probably need some
work but I think it's just a amazing
opportunity for especially for Molly
Pacific island kids to experience this
because this is not normally would be
available to them another other schools
and cell phone
it was all new ground beginning a little
bit unsure about how they were going to
go but the students have done really
well and they're all smile they all
think it's great fun and to real good
opportunity for them they pay twenty
dollars for the entire year m each
student has an instrument to take home
these cost us for the insurance cost us
around twenty thousand dollars funding
was obtained from the trust general
foundation through the relicensing'
trust funding for the lessons came from
the community organization Brad skin
that's administered by the department or
the paternal offense we also have a
contractor services with the Auckland
Council and we've had their contract for
over ten years now it's been a key part
of our organization's success without
this funding what this would simply not
be possible and it's a great opportunity
paid twenty dollars for for module to
start taking Vogeler lessons and I think
it's pretty cheap there's this it's cool
yeah awesome
Oh